Docs: Fix swapped property descriptions for  `ramp_up_minimum_hosts_percent ` and `ramp_up_capacity_threshold_percent ` (#18490)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/virtual_desktop_scaling_plan.html.markdown

* `ramp_up_start_time` - (Required) The time at which Ramp-Up scaling will begin. This is also the end-time for the Ramp-Up period. The time must be specified in "HH:MM" format.

> * `ramp_up_capacity_threshold_percent` - (Optional) This is the value of percentage of used host pool capacity that will be considered to evaluate whether to turn on/off virtual machines during the ramp-up and peak hours. For example, if capacity threshold is specified as 60% and your total host pool capacity is 100 sessions, autoscale will turn on additional session hosts once the host pool exceeds a load of 60 sessions.

Reviewer: the grammar is incorrect here and literals are not quoted

> * `ramp_up_minimum_hosts_percent` - (Optional) Specify minimum percentage of session host virtual machines to start for ramp-up and peak hours. For example, if Minimum percentage of hosts is specified as 10% and total number of session hosts in your host pool is 10, autoscale will ensure a minimum of 1 session host is available to take user connections.

Reviewer: the grammer is incorrect here and literals are not quoted
```suggestion
* `ramp_up_minimum_hosts_percent` - (Optional) Specifies the minimum percentage of session host virtual machines to start during ramp-up for peak hours. For example, if Minimum percentage of hosts is specified as `10%` and total number of session hosts in your host pool is `10`, autoscale will ensure a minimum of `1` session host is available to take user connections.
```
